From: Helen Tarbuck <helen.tarbuck@nhs.net>
To: Rob Ellery <rob.ellery@veridiabio.com>
CC: support@veridiabio.com
Date: Mon, 11 Aug 2025 08:15:33 +0100
Subject: Post-install questions - VS4-1002
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 16.0

Hi Rob,

Thanks for last week, the install went smoothly and the team liked the
training.

A few things have come up now we're using it properly. None urgent.

1. The autoloader occasionally skips a position and we can't work out why. It
   goes 1, 2, 4, 5 and then comes back for 3 at the end. Is that a fault or is
   it doing something clever?

2. We're not sure how often we should be running the Extended Clean. The
   training said "as needed" but that's not much use for writing an SOP. What
   do comparable sites do?

3. Where do we find the reagent lot numbers to write in our QC record? We've
   been reading them off the cartridge label but someone said the instrument
   shows them somewhere.

4. Our QC is passing but the L-J charts on the instrument only show 30 days.
   Can we get longer? We're on Essentials.

5. The IQ/OQ report you left - do we need to keep the original or is a scan
   fine? Our quality manager asked and I didn't know.

6. Two of the staff who couldn't make the training day are asking for a
   catch-up session. Is that something we pay for or is it covered?

Also, a slightly awkward one. In the training pack there's a datasheet that
mentions body fluid mode and reticulocytes, and we can't find either of those
on the instrument. Are they options we haven't bought?

Thanks

Helen

Helen Tarbuck
Senior Biomedical Scientist
Haematology
Wirral University Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust
Arrowe Park Hospital, Upton, Wirral CH49 5PE
helen.tarbuck@nhs.net | 0151 678 5111 ext 2214

--
This message may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended
recipient please inform the sender that you have received the message in error
before deleting it. Please do not disclose, copy or distribute information in
this email or take any action in reliance on its contents.
