From: Dawn Ackroyd <dawn.ackroyd@nuffieldhealth.com>
To: Peter Doyle <peter.doyle@veridiabio.com>
Date: Fri, 13 Mar 2026 11:18:05 +0000
Subject: Renewal April 2027 - early conversation about tiers
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 16.0

Peter,

I know our renewal is not until April 2027 but our budget cycle means I need
indicative numbers by June this year, so I am starting early.

Current position: 2 x VeriScan 400 Pro, VeriConnect Professional, Gold support.

Three things I want to explore.

1. DOWNGRADING SUPPORT. We have had one engineer visit in two years (the
   display cable in April 2025, which took Rob ninety minutes). Gold feels like
   insurance we are not claiming on. What would Silver cost and what would we
   actually be giving up? Please give me the honest version - if Silver would
   leave us exposed as a private hospital with no second site to fall back on,
   say so and I will keep Gold.

2. UPGRADING VERICONNECT. Conversely, I am interested in Enterprise, mostly for
   SSO. Our group IT are moving everything to single sign-on and VeriConnect is
   on their list of exceptions, which is not a list I want to be on. What does
   Enterprise cost for two instruments, and is SSO available any other way?

   I should say that I read your bulletin about the SSO outage in March 2025
   and it did not fill me with confidence. I would want to understand what has
   changed before I made VeriConnect dependent on our identity provider.

3. VERIGUARD. Our group compliance team have started asking about audit trails
   and data residency across all our systems. I do not know whether we need
   VeriGuard or whether Professional is sufficient. Could someone who knows the
   product talk to our compliance lead directly? I am not the right person to
   translate.

One other thing. We are a Nuffield Health site and the group has fourteen
hospitals with laboratories, of which we are one of three running Veridia. If
there is a group-level conversation to be had about standardising, I can make
an introduction. I mention it because you would get more out of that
conversation than out of squeezing our two-instrument renewal.

Best regards,

Dawn Ackroyd
Laboratory Manager
Nuffield Health Leeds Hospital
2 Leighton Street, Leeds LS1 3EB
dawn.ackroyd@nuffieldhealth.com | 0113 388 2000
